<html>
<head><h1>corona virus</h1></head>
<body>
      <p>The disease that made to suffer alot in 1990's is swine flu which taken many lifes in the world.But now the disease that taken many lifes more than triple times to that of swine flu is corona virus.This disease made even terrify for doctors to treat patients.</p>
      <p>Coronaviruses are a group of related RNA viruses that cause diseases in mammals and birds. In humans and birds, they cause respiratory tract infections that can range from mild to lethal. Mild illnesses in humans include some cases of the common cold (which is also caused by other viruses, predominantly rhinoviruses), while more lethal varieties can cause SARS, MERS, and COVID-19. In cows and pigs they cause diarrhea, while in mice they cause hepatitis and encephalomyelitis. There are as yet no vaccines or antiviral drugs to prevent or treat human coronavirus infections.</p>
  <h2>Infections</h2>
      <p>Coronaviruses can cause colds with major symptoms, such as fever, and a sore throat from swollen adenoids.Coronaviruses can cause pneumonia (either direct viral pneumonia or secondary bacterial pneumonia) and bronchitis (either direct viral bronchitis or secondary bacterial bronchitis).The human coronavirus discovered in 2003, SARS-CoV, which causes severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), has a unique pathogenesis because it causes both upper and lower respiratory tract infections.</p>
    <h3>Common Cold</h3>
      <p>The human coronaviruses HCoV-OC43, HCoV-HKU1, HCoV-229E, and HCoV-NL63 continually circulate in the human population and produce the generally mild symptoms of the common cold in adults and children worldwide.These coronaviruses cause about 15% of common colds,while 40 to 50% of colds are caused by rhinoviruses.The four mild coronaviruses have a seasonal incidence occurring in the winter months in temperate climates.There is no preponderance in any season in tropical climates.</p>
    <h3>Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)</h3>
      <p>In 2003, following the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) which had begun the prior year in Asia, and secondary cases elsewhere in the world, the World Health Organization (WHO) issued a press release stating that a novel coronavirus identified by a number of laboratories was the causative agent for SARS. The virus was officially named the SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV). More than 8,000 people were infected, about ten percent of whom died.</p>
    <h3>Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS)</h3>
      <p>In September 2012, a new type of coronavirus was identified, initially called Novel Coronavirus 2012, and now officially named Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV).The World Health Organization issued a global alert soon after.The WHO update on 28 September 2012 said the virus did not seem to pass easily from person to person. However, on 12 May 2013, a case of human-to-human transmission in France was confirmed by the French Ministry of Social Affairs and Health.In addition, cases of human-to-human transmission were reported by the Ministry of Health in Tunisia. Two confirmed cases involved people who seemed to have caught the disease from their late father, who became ill after a visit to Qatar and Saudi Arabia. Despite this, it appears the virus had trouble spreading from human to human, as most individuals who are infected do not transmit the virus. By 30 October 2013, there were 124 cases and 52 deaths in Saudi Arabia.</p>
    <h3>Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19)</h3>
      <p>In December 2019, a pneumonia outbreak was reported in Wuhan, China. On 31 December 2019, the outbreak was traced to a novel strain of coronavirus, which was given the interim name 2019-nCoV by the World Health Organization (WHO),later renamed SARS-CoV-2 by the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses.As of 30 August 2020, there have been at least 842,522 confirmed deaths and more than 24,997,328 confirmed cases in the COVID-19 pandemic. The Wuhan strain has been identified as a new strain of Betacoronavirus from group 2B with approximately 70% genetic similarity to the SARS-CoV.The virus has a 96% similarity to a bat coronavirus, so it is widely suspected to originate from bats as well.The pandemic has resulted in travel restrictions and nationwide lockdowns in many countries.
  <h2>Prevention and Treatment</h2>
      <p>There are no vaccines or antiviral drugs to prevent or treat human coronavirus infections. Treatment is only supportive. A number of antiviral targets have been identified such as viral proteases, polymerases, and entry proteins. Drugs are in development which target these proteins and the different steps of viral replication. A number of vaccines using different methods are also under development for different human coronaviruses.
       There are no antiviral drugs to treat animal coronaviruses.[citation needed] Vaccines are available for IBV, TGEV, and Canine CoV, although their effectiveness is limited. In the case of outbreaks of highly contagious animal coronaviruses, such as PEDV, measures such as destruction of entire herds of pigs may be used to prevent transmission to other herds.</p>
</body>
</html>
