<html>
<head><h1>Elon Musk</h1></head>
<body>
      <p>Musk was born to a Canadian mother and South African father and raised in Pretoria, South Africa. He briefly attended the University of Pretoria before moving to Canada when he was 17 to attend Queen's University.He transferred to the University of Pennsylvania two years later, where he received a bachelor's degree in economics from the Wharton School and a bachelor's degree in physics from the College of Arts and Sciences.He moved to California in 1995 to begin a Ph.D. in applied physics and material sciences at Stanford University, but decided to pursue a business career instead of enrolling.He co-founded (with his brother Kimbal) Zip2, a web software company, which was acquired by Compaq for $340 million in 1999. Musk then founded X.com, an online bank. It merged with Confinity in 2000, which had launched PayPal the previous year and was subsequently bought by eBay for $1.5 billion in October 2002.</p>
      <p>Musk has envisioned a high-speed transportation system known as the Hyperloop. Musk has said the goals of SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity revolve around his vision to "change the world and help humanity".His goals include reducing global warming through sustainable energy production and consumption, and lessening the risk of human extinction by establishing a human colony on Mars.</p>
  <h2>Early Life</h2>
      <p>Elon Musk was born on June 28, 1971, in Pretoria, Transvaal, South Africa.[20][32] His mother is Maye Musk (née Haldeman), a model and dietitian born in Saskatchewan, Canada, and who was raised in South Africa. His father is Errol Musk, a South African electromechanical engineer, pilot, sailor, consultant and property developer. He has a younger brother, Kimbal (born 1972), and a younger sister, Tosca (born 1974).His maternal grandfather, Dr. Joshua Haldeman, was an American-born Canadian.His paternal grandmother had both British and Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry. After his parents divorced in 1980, Musk lived mostly with his father in the suburbs of Pretoria,[42] a choice he made two years after his parents separated but which he subsequently regretted. Musk is estranged from his father, whom he has referred to as "a terrible human being." He also has a half-sister and a half-brother.
      <p>During his childhood, Musk was an avid reader, At the age of 10, he developed an interest in computing while using the Commodore VIC-20.He learned computer programming using a manual and, by the age of 12, sold the code of a BASIC-based video game he created called Blastar to PC and Office Technology magazine for approximately $500.</p>
     <h3>Study Life</h3>
      <p>While awaiting Canadian documentation, Musk attended the University of Pretoria for five months.[58] Once in Canada, Musk entered Queen's University in 1989, avoiding mandatory service in the South African military.[59] He left in 1992 to study economics and physics at the University of Pennsylvania; he graduated in 1997 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Wharton and a Bachelor of Arts degree in physics from the College of Arts and Sciences.</p>
      <p>In 1994, Musk held two internships in Silicon Valley during the summer: at an energy storage start-up called Pinnacle Research Institute, which researched electrolytic ultracapacitors for energy storage, and at the Palo Alto-based start-up Rocket Science Games.[63] Bruce Leak, the former lead engineer behind Apple's QuickTime who had hired Musk, noted: "He had boundless energy. Kids these days have no idea about hardware or how stuff works, but he had a PC hacker background and was not afraid to just go figure things out."[47]:60
      <p>In 1995, Musk was accepted to a PhD program in energy physics/materials science at Stanford University in California.[23] Eager to pursue opportunities in the Internet boom, however, he decided to instead launch his first company, Zip2.</p>
  <h2>Awards</h2>
      <Li> In June 2011, Musk was awarded the US$250,000 Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization. <\li>
      <Li>In 2012, Musk was awarded the Royal Aeronautical Society's highest award: a Gold Medal.</li>.
      <Li>Awarded the President's award for Exploration and Technology of the Explorers Club at the annual gala on March 16, 2014.</li>
      <li>In 2015, he was awarded IEEE Honorary Membership.</li>
      <li>In May 2017, Musk was awarded the Oslo Business for Peace Award.</li>
      <li>In 2019, Musk was awarded the Starmus Festival's Stephen Hawking Medal for Science Communication.<\li>
</body>
</html>
